TABLE:
, , 

What we mean by Faith in Action 
The Catholic Faith is an integral part of More House School. We believe that faith is a single step on a great adventure with God and that education helps shape the lives of our pupils and how they 
participate
 in society. 
As such, school life at More House School aims to educate pupils to live justly in their own lives and to strive for peace and justice for others. We encourage our pupils to think and to act compassionately within the school, the local community, and society.
Our goal in Faith in Action is to expand and develop our faith by pursuing the practical aspects of developing a lifestyle dominated by values and concerns that resemble God’s values and concerns. It is a practice in following Catholic Social Teaching, formed from the roots of scripture, following the wisdom of the church and living this out in the world around us. 
The CST principles of dignity, solidarity, the common good, giving options to the poor, pursuing peace, caring for creation and providing dignity of work and participation form our collective moral compass. More House School reflects this in both our weekly 
Spirit and Truth
 reflections and our faith in action 
work
.  
Weekly Meetings
Pupils meet every Wednesday during lunch one to plan and execute their term events, this could be a discussion and talk in school, or a wider school or community project to help those in both our school and wider community.  
 
Examples of our FiA Projects 
Our More House pupils led on the following initiatives in the Autumn Term of this academic year. It was important for them to settle their Year 7 pupils into the school community through both prayer and social events. 
Liturgy 
Our pupils who are involved in FiA have been integral to all of our liturgies, for both welcome, weekly and advent liturgies.
Prayer Corners 
Our FiA pupils created a focused area within each form allowing for a reflection area to guide prayer and discussion for every pupil. This area both serves as a continual presence of the word of the Lord and a reflective space if needed. 
Interfaith Week
During Interfaith week pupil’s led an assembly to educate us on the importance of remembering our differences and the need to 
share both our faith and worldviews. This culminated in the creation of some key artwork to be displayed all around the school. The following is the winning poster. 
Samaritan’s Purse Shoe Box Appeal
Pupils and parents raised both money and beautiful gifts for those less fortunate this Christmas.
More House School filled 47 boxes and St Andrews Church, Chelsea sent these to those in need around the world through Samaritan’s Purse. 
Cinema for younger peers
Our Sixth Form pupils chose to put on a cinema night for Year 7 and Year 8 pupils. The Year 7 and 8 girls picked their own film and enjoyed a nice fun filled evening led by their Year 12 fellow pupils. 
Faith in action 
– 
School Prayer
The girls wanted to build upon Thomas More’s prayer and have our school values reflected through their own words. Working across key stages we developed a girls school prayer. 
We ask you Lord to show us how to love
 
one another, to show compassion, trust
 
and forgiveness within our friendships
 
and relationships both in and out of
 
school.
We aim to be thankful for the love that
 
you have given us, and ask for your help
 
to treat all with care and dignity.
 
 
Guide us to be honest when we are wrong
 
so we can learn from our mistakes.
 
 
We pray that as a school we have the
 
strength to meet the needs of others,
 
taking consideration in all that we do.
 
 
We hope for peace around the world and
 
for tolerance, strength and courage to
 
look after those less fortunate.
 
We strive to live with love.
 
 
Amen.