TABLE:
, , 

The 
English Department
 at More House share a love of literature and a profound belief in its power to help human beings to understand the world, the past, other people and themselves. We see English language and literature as making a fundamental and intrinsic contribution to a student’s social, personal, and moral development; the growth of language is a means of exploring experience, bringing ideas and feelings into full consciousness, and developing every individual, regardless of age, background, or ability.
We are unapologetically literary in our approach; we believe that reading is precious and it lies at the heart of all that we do. We are committed to developing a strong literary culture in our school, in which students are motivated to read critically and communicate in new and innovative ways. As teachers, it is therefore our responsibility to demonstrate creative communication in our teaching practice and we seek to do this at all levels.
Our busy and vibrant department provide many extracurricular outlets for excellence and general interest, including creative writing competitions, reading for pleasure and public speaking and debating. We harness the rich resources we are lucky enough to have on our doorstep; each year group enjoys theatre trips, workshops, lectures and literary tours.
We are unapologetically literary in our approach; we believe that 
reading is precious and it lies at the heart of all that we do
.
In 
Years 7 to 9
 we aim to expose students to a wide range of accessible, challenging, and inspiring texts from a variety of genres and periods, and in so doing extend their insight into their personal, social, and moral development and prepare them for future lives in a challenging society.
We care about accuracy and aim to ensure that all students can spell and punctuate correctly, know how a sentence works and take pleasure in the subtleties of English syntax.
We encourage and foster creative, accurate, and skillful communication skills, both spoken and written, for a variety of purposes and audiences and within a variety of contexts of increasing complexity and demand.
In 
Years 10 and 11
 pupils are taught in ability groups and prepared for both English Language and English Literature GCSEs. Speaking and Listening is a non-examined, but integral, part of the current GCSE English Language examination.
At 
A level
 we follow the AQA (Specification B) English Literature syllabus. This course enables students to become confident, reflective and independent readers and writers.
They will be able to consider the content of works, themes, styles and techniques and the approaches of different authors, and confidently make considered original comparisons.
Success at A Level depends very much on a student’s ability to work independently by reading, researching and writing, and these skills are developed throughout the course.
Across 
all key stages
 we aim to bring the text being studied to life by visiting as many of our local resources as possible. This includes taking girls to see plays at The Globe, Young Vic, The Duke of York, The National and Regents Park Open Air Theatres. On occasion we have also visited Hyde Park for our creative writing inspiration.