TABLE:
, , 

In the Sixth Form, we build a program of study to suit each individual learner. The small size of our cohort means that teachers and students have strong bonds and we are able to meet the needs of each student, and adapt our offering regularly to reflect the interests of our current Sixth Formers. We balance pastoral care, academic excellence, life skill development, co-curricular clubs and activities, leadership opportunities, career planning, Super Curriculum learning and wellbeing with individualised care and attention. No student blends in with the crowd in the Sixth Form at More House, each student is known, catered for and challenged by our dedicated and passionate Sixth Form staff. The result of this personalised care and attention means that our students achieve their goals, with 50% of our 2020-21 cohort achieving grades A*-A in their A Level courses and 82% achieving A*-B.
Through our expert pastoral care, we emphasise the importance of self-awareness and open discussion when it comes to making important decisions during sixth form such as work experience placements and further education. The results of this individualised care can be found in our exceptionally high (95%) rate of pupils moving on to their first choice university or apprenticeship. Our most recent results and university destinations can be found 
here
.
Super Curriculum
Students in the Sixth Form have access to the 
More House Super Curriculum website
, a hub for all the learning they can do beyond their A-Level specifications. Super Curriculum activities are those that take the regular curriculum studies further. They take the subject studied in the classroom beyond that which teachers have taught or set for homework. On this site, there are a range of activities for students to stretch themselves and explore their subjects in their Super Curriculum period, timetabled one lesson per week. During this hour students should spend:
30 minutes engaging with material
15 minutes reflecting on the material
15 minutes sharing their new knowledge
Students also have 30 mins per week dedicated to tracking and monitoring their Super Curriculum progress with their form tutor including sharing and promoting resources to one another. Super Curriculum activities are split into the following categories: Watch, Listen, Create, Research, Read, Write.
Admission to the Sixth Form
As every learner is unique, we offer a bespoke program for each student, rather than a ‘one size fits all’ admissions policy. We work with each family to ensure that students find the right balance of subjects to push them to achieve their potential and expand their reach for life beyond school. Whilst doing this we also work to nourish the confidence of each student, and provide personalised support embedded into her timetable to ensure she can achieve her learning goals.
If you would like to apply for a Sixth Form place, please contact our Head of Marketing and Admissions: 
registrar@morehousemail.org.uk
Please find our Sixth Form options booklet for 2025-26 
here
.