TABLE:
, , 

Years 5 and 6
Launched in September 2024, our Pre-Senior Years cater to girls aged 9 to 11, providing a dedicated space for focused learning and growth. Our Year 5 and 6 Curriculum is designed to nurture their potential and ignite their curiosity, ensuring a confident transition into our Year 7 class. 
Recognising that a nine year old’s mind thrives on inspiration, More House cultivates a nurturing environment where each girl receives individual support. Our teachers are dedicated to kindling her curiosity and instilling a lifelong love of learning, laying a strong foundation for her transition to Year 7.
Sparking Academic Ambition 
At More House, our Years 5 and 6 girls follow the National Curriculum of English, Maths, Science, History, Geography, PSHE, Computing (ICT), Art, PE, Music and Modern Foreign Languages. Religious Studies is taught in accordance with the diocese’s planning framework.
The ‘Even More Creative’ programme has been designed to inspire the children, enabling teachers to build upon the foundations learned in the classroom. By taking advantage of what’s on our doorstep, the children are able to explore a plethora of museums, galleries and outdoor spaces to include the National History Museum, Science Museum, Hyde Park, South Bank, and the Victoria & Albert Museum.
Confidence to Soar
Smaller class sizes and passionate, dedicated teachers create the perfect environment where every child can truly flourish. With individualised attention, each child isn’t just another face in the crowd; they are seen, heard, and valued. This approach fosters a profound sense of belonging, allowing children to feel secure and empowered as they navigate their unique learning journeys. Personalised learning plans cater to their strengths and interests, sparking curiosity and enthusiasm, ensuring every child not only meets but exceeds their potential, setting them up for a lifetime of success and confidence.
Pastoral Support
Our dedicated and compassionate pastoral team creates a nurturing and inclusive environment where every individual feels valued and supported. We offer a safe and welcoming space for emotional and social growth, encouraging self-expression and celebrating the unique qualities that make each person special. With a focus on personal development, we guide individuals through life’s challenges, providing them with the tools, empathy, and understanding they need to thrive. Our aim is to empower them to build resilience, confidence, and a sense of belonging, ensuring they have the support system necessary to navigate their personal journeys with strength and a positive approach.
To enquire about a place in Year 5 or Year 6, please submit the form below.